{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\uc2\deff0\stshfdbch13\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}\'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5{\*\falt SimSun};}{\f36\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@\'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5;}{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f170\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt SimSun};}
{\f400\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @\'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5 Western;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs27\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext3 \styrsid8814090 heading 3;}{\*
\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid8814090 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs16 
\additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid8814090 Hyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720
\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp11\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720
\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720
\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp18\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp5\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp3\itap0\li720\ri720
\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp15\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}{\pgp\ipgp8\itap0\li720\ri720\sb100\sa100}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1443886
\rsid2318268\rsid2451836\rsid6233596\rsid7496038\rsid8814090\rsid14362394\rsid16392384\rsid16717245}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Google Sitemaps Generator Terms of Service}{\author Google1}{\operator maoyq}
{\creatim\yr2008\mo5\dy15\hr19\min11}{\revtim\yr2008\mo9\dy18\hr13\min13}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords4016}{\nofchars22894}{\*\company Google, Inc.}{\nofcharsws26857}{\vern24689}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8814090\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8814090 
\b\fs27\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 Google }{\insrsid6233596 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 Sitemap Generator }{\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
Terms of Service
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8814090 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\i\fs20\insrsid6233596 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 These Terms of Service\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  govern your use of the downloadable Sitemap Generator application.  Note that the source code for this application is also available separately from }{\field{\*\fldinst {
\b\i\fs20\insrsid6233596 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "}{\b\i\fs20\insrsid6233596\charrsid6233596 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://code.google.com/hosting/}{\b\i\fs20\insrsid6233596 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 " }{
\b\i\fs20\insrsid2451836\charrsid16717245 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000002000000068007400740070003a002f002f0063006f00640065002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f0068006f007300740069006e0067002f000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4000000068007400740070003a002f002f00
63006f00640065002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f0068006f007300740069006e0067002f00000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\b\i\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid6233596\charrsid16717245 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://code.google.com/hosting/}}}{
\b\i\fs20\insrsid6233596 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  under the Apache License Version 2.0. }{\b\i\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid6233596 
\par }{\b\i\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid2318268 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 WARNING:\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  }{\b\i\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2648423 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
Any sitemap information that you send to Google (including sitemaps created using the Sitemap Generator) should be consistent with commitments you make to your users in your s\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ite's privacy policy.  If your site contains or generates URLs that contain user information, you must filter the user information out of the data that you send to Google.  Instructions for filtering such information can be found}{
\b\i\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid2318268 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  }{\b\i\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2648423 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 at the Sitemap Generator }{\b\i\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid2318268 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 c\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 onfiguration}{\b\i\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2648423 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 instructions.  In addition, you must add language to your privacy policy substantially similar to "This site uses a tool which collects your requests for pages and passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site.
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  We control the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information sent to the search engines.}{\b\i\fs20\lang1033\langfe2052\langfenp2052\insrsid2318268\charrsid6233596 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 Welcome to Google!}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 1. Your relationship with Google}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 1.1 Your use of Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 \hich\f0 s products, software, services and web sites (referred to collectively as the \'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 Services\'94\loch\f0 
 in this document and excluding any services provided\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0  to you by Google under a separate written agreement) is subject to the terms of a legal agreement between you and Google. \'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 Google\'94\loch\f0 
 means Google Inc., whose principal place of business is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United State\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 s\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
. This document explains how the agreement is made up, and sets out some of the terms of that agreement.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 1.2 Unless otherwise agreed in writing with Google, your agreement with Google will always include, at a minimum, the terms and conditions set out in t\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 
his document. These are referred to below as the \'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 Universal Terms\'94\loch\f0 .
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 1.3 Your agreement with Google will also include the terms of any Legal Notices applicable to the Services, in addition to the Universal Terms. All of these are referred to below as the \'93\loch\f0 A
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 dditional Terms\'94\loch\f0 . Where Additional Terms apply to a Service, these will be accessible for you to read either within, or through your use of, that Service.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 1.4 The Universal Terms, together with the Additional Terms, form a legally binding agreement between\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 
 you and Google in relation to your use of the Services. It is important that you take the time to read them carefully. Collectively, this legal agreement is referred to below as the \'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 Terms\'94\loch\f0 .
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 1.5 If there is any contradiction between what the Additional Te\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 rms say and what the Universal Terms say, then the Additional Terms shall take precedence in relation to that Service.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 2. Accepting the Terms}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 2.1 In order to use the Services, you must first agree to the Terms. You may not use the Services if you do not ac\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 cept the Terms.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 2.2 You can accept the Terms by:
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (A) clicking to accept or agree to the Terms, where this option is made available to you by Google in the user interface for any Service; or
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (B) by actually using the Services. In this case, you understand a\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 nd agree that Google will treat your use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 2.3 You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Google, or (b) you ar\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
e a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 2.4 Before you continue, you should print off or save a local copy of t\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 he Universal Terms for your records.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 3. Language of the Terms}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 3.1 Where Google has provided you with a translation of the English language version of the Terms, then you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
language versions of the Terms will govern your relationship with Google.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 3.2 If there is any contradiction between what the English language version of the Terms says and what a translation says, then the English language version shall take precedence.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 4.\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  Provision of the Services by Google}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 4.1 Google has subsidiaries and affiliated legal entities around the world (\'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 Subsidiaries and Affiliates\'94\loch\f0 
). Sometimes, these companies will be providing the Services to you on behalf of Google itself. You acknowledge an\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 d agree that Subsidiaries and Affiliates will be entitled to provide the Services to you.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 4.2 Google is constantly innovating in order to provide the best possible experience for its users. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Services\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 which Google provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 4.3 As part of this continuing innovation, you acknowledge and agree that Google may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Serv\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ices (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally at Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 
s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. You may stop using the Services at any time. You do not need to specifically inform Google when you stop using the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 4\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
.4 You acknowledge and agree that if Google disables access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Services, your account details or any files or other content which is contained in your account.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 4.5 You acknowledge and agree that while G\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
oogle may not currently have set a fixed upper limit on the number of transmissions you may send or receive through the Services or on the amount of storage space used for the provision of any Service, such fixed upper limits may be set by Google at any t
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 i\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 me, at Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s discretion.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5. Use of the Services by you}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5.1 In order to access certain Services, you may be required to provide information about yourself (such as identification or contact details) as part of the registration process for the Service, or\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 as part of your continued use of the Services. You agree that any registration information you give to Google will always be accurate, correct and up to date.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5.2 You agree to use the Services only for purposes that are permitted by (a) the Terms and (b) \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the United States or other relevant countries).
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5.3 You agree not to access \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
(or attempt to access) any of the Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Google, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Google. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt t
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 o\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 access) any of the Services through any automated means (including use of scripts or web crawlers) and shall ensure that you comply with the instructions set out in any robots.txt file present on the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5.4 You agree that you will not engage in any\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  activity that interferes with or disrupts the Services (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Services).
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5.5 Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate agreement with Google, you agree that you will not reproduce, \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Services for any purpose.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 5.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the conse\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
quences (including any loss or damage which Google may suffer) of any such breach.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 6. Your passwords and account security}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 6.1 You agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords associated with any account you\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  use to access the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 6.2 Accordingly, you agree that you will be solely responsible to Google for all activities that occur under your account.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 6.3 If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your account, you agree to notify\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  Google immediately at }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/support/accounts/bin/answer.py?answer=48601" }{\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b8400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f0073007500700070006f00720074002f006100630063006f0075006e00740073002f0062006900
6e002f0061006e0073007700650072002e00700079003f0061006e0073007700650072003d00340038003600300031000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/support/accounts/bin/answer.py?answer=48601}}}{
\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 .
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 7. Privacy and your personal information}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 7.1 For information about Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s data pro\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 tection practices, please read Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s privacy policy at }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {
\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/privacy.html" }{\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f0070007200690076006100630079002e00680074006d006c000000}}}{\fldrslt {
\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/privacy.html}}}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
. This policy explains how Google treats your personal information, and protects your privacy, when you use the S\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ervices.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 7.2 You agree to the use of your data in accordance with Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s privacy policies.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 8. Content in the Services}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 8.1 You understand that all information (such as data files, written text, computer software, music, audio files or other sounds, photog\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 
raphs, videos or other images) which you may have access to as part of, or through your use of, the Services are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. All such information is referred to below as the \'93\loch\f0 
\hich\f0 Content\'94\loch\f0 .
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 8.2 You s\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
hould be aware that Content presented to you as part of the Services, including but not limited to advertisements in the Services and sponsored Content within the Services may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by the sponsors or
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
advertisers who provide that Content to Google (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on this Content (either in whole or in part) unless you have been s
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 p\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ecifically told that you may do so by Google or by the owners of that Content, in a separate agreement.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 8.3 Google reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to pre-screen, review, flag, filter, modify, refuse or remove any or all Content from any S\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ervice. For some of the Services, Google may provide tools to filter out explicit sexual content. These tools include the SafeSearch preference settings (see }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/help/customize.html" \\l "safe" }{\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
08d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b020000000b000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f00680065006c0070002f0063007500730074006f006d0069007a0065002e00680074006d006c00
00000500000073006100660065000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/help/custom\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ize.html#safe}}}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
). In addition, there are commercially available services and software to limit access to material that you may find objectionable.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 8.4 You understand that by using the Services you may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive, ind\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ecent or objectionable and that, in this respect, you use the Services at your own risk.

\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 8.5 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Google has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any Content that you create, transmit or dis\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
play while using the Services and for the consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which Google may suffer) by doing so.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9. Proprietary rights}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9.1 You acknowledge and agree that Google (or Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s licensors) own all legal right, title an\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
d interest in and to the Services, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in the Services (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). You further acknowledge that the Services 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 m\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ay contain information which is designated confidential by Google and that you shall not disclose such information without Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s prior written consent.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9.2 Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with Google, nothing in the Terms gives you a right t\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 o use any of Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 
s trade names, trade marks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9.3 If you have been given an explicit right to use any of these brand features in a separate written agreement with Google, then you \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
agree that your use of such features shall be in compliance with that agreement, any applicable provisions of the Terms, and Google's brand feature use guidelines as updated from time to time. These guidelines can be viewed online at }
{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "http://www\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 .google.com/permissions/guidelines.html" }{\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b6400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f007000650072006d0069007300730069006f006e0073002f00670075006900640065006c006900
6e00650073002e00680074006d006c000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/permissions/guidelines.html}}}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 (or such other URL as Google may provide for this purpose from time to time).
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9.4 Other than the limited license set forth in Section 11, Google acknowledges and \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under these Terms in or to any Content that you submit, post, transmit or display on, or through, the Services, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in tha
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 t\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 Content (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with Google, you agree that you are responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and tha
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 t\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  Google has no obligation to do so on your behalf.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9.5 You agree that you shall not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trade mark notices) which may be affixed to or contained within the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 9.6 Unless y\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ou have been expressly authorized to do so in writing by Google, you agree that in using the Services, you will not use any trade mark, service mark, trade name, logo of any company or organization in a way that is likely or intended to cause confusion ab
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 o\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ut the owner or authorized user of such marks, names or logos.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 10. License from Google}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 10.1 Google gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive licence to use the software provided to you by Google as part of the Services\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 
 as provided to you by Google (referred to as the \'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 Software\'94\loch\f0 
 below). This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google, in the manner permitted by the Terms.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 10.2 You may not (and you ma\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
y not permit anyone else to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Software or any part thereof, unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless you h
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 a\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ve been specifically told that you may do so by Google, in writing.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 10.3 Unless Google has given you specific written permission to do so, you may not assign (or grant a sub-licence of) your rights to use the Software, grant a security interest in or over \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
your rights to use the Software, or otherwise transfer any part of your rights to use the Software.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 11. Content licence from you}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 11.1 You retain copyright and any other rights you already hold in Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 Services. By submitting, posting or displaying the content you give Google a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive licence to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute any
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Services. This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling Google to display, distribute and promote the Services and may be revoked for certain Services as defined in the Additional Terms of th
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 o\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 se Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
11.2 You agree that this licence includes a right for Google to make such Content available to other companies, organizations or individuals with whom Google has relationships for the provision of syndicated services, and to use such Content i
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 n connection with the provision of those services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 11.3 You understand that Google, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users, may (a) transmit or distribute your Content over various public networks and in various med
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ia; and (b) make such changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services or media. You agree that this licence shall permit Google to take these actions.

\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 11.4 Y\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ou confirm and warrant to Google that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the above licence.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 12. Software updates}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 12.1 The Software which you use may automatically download and install updates from time to time from Google. Thes\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
e updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely new versions. You agree to receive such updates (and permit Google to deliver these to 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 y\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ou) as part of your use of the Services.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 13. Ending your relationship with Google}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 13.1 The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Google as set out below.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 13.2 If you want to terminate your legal agreement with Google, you may do so\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 by (a) notifying Google at any time and (b) closing your accounts for all of the Services which you use, where Google has made this option available to you. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 
s address which is set out at the beginning of \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 t\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 hese Terms.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 13.3 Google may at any time, terminate its legal agreement with you if:
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (A) you have breached any provision of the Terms (or have acted in manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the provisions of the \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 Terms); or
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (B) Google is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Services to you is, or becomes, unlawful); or
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (C) the partner with whom Google offered the Services to you has terminated its relationship with Google or ceased to o\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ffer the Services to you; or
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (D) Google is transitioning to no longer providing the Services to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service; or
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (E) the provision of the Services to you by Google is, in Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s opinion,\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  no longer commercially viable.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 13.4 Nothing in this Section shall affect Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s rights regarding provision of Services under Section 4 of the Terms.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 13.5 When these Terms come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
Google have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Terms have been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 20.7 shall continue t
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 o\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 14. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 14.1 NOTHING IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING SECTIONS 14 AND 15, SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT GOOGLE\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 S WARRANTY OR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR L\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
IMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL O
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 R\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THE LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 14.2 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 \hich\f0 S IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND \'93\loch\f0 \hich\f0 AS AVAILABLE.\'94
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 14.3 IN PARTICULAR, GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIR\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 EMENTS,
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (B) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR,
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (C) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, AND
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (D) THAT DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 14.4 ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 14.5 NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM GOOGLE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPR\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 ESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
14.6 GOOGLE FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPO
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 SE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 15.1 SUBJECT TO OVERALL PROVISION IN PARAGRAPH 14.1 ABOVE, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GOOGLE, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (A) ANY DIREC\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
T, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.. THIS SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), A
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 N\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 Y LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS;
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (B) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A RESUL\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 T OF:
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
(I) ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICES;
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (II) ANY CHANGES WHIC\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 H GOOGLE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (III) THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAIN\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 TAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (III) YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE GOOGLE WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION;
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 (IV) YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL;
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 15.2 THE LIMITATIONS ON GOOGLE\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 S LIABI\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
LITY TO YOU IN PARAGRAPH 15.1 ABOVE SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT GOOGLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 16. Copyright and trade mark policies}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 16.1 It is Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s policy to respond to notices of all\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
eged copyright infringement that comply with applicable international intellectual property law (including, in the United States, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act) and to terminating the accounts of repeat infringers. Details of Google\hich\f0 
\rquote \loch\f0 s policy can be\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 found at }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/dmca.html" }{
\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4000000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f0064006d00630061002e00680074006d006c000000}}}{\fldrslt {
\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/dmca.html}}}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 .
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 16.2 Google operates a trade mark complaints procedure in respect of Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s advertising business, details of which can be found at }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 /tm_complaint.html" }{\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5000000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f0074006d005f0063006f006d0070006c00610069006e0074002e00680074006d006c000000}}
}{\fldrslt {\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/tm_complaint.html}}}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 .
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 17. Advertisements}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 17.1 Some of the Services are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions. These advertisements may be targeted to the content of informat\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ion stored on the Services, queries made through the Services or other information.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 17.2 The manner, mode and extent of advertising by Google on the Services are subject to change without specific notice to you.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 17.3 In consideration for Google granting yo\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 u access to and use of the Services, you agree that Google may place such advertising on the Services.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 18. Other content}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 18.1 The Services may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources. Google may have no control over any web sites or r\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
esources which are provided by companies or persons other than Google.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 18.2 You acknowledge and agree that Google is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other mater\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ials on or available from such web sites or resources.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 18.3 You acknowledge and agree that Google is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any 
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such web sites or resources.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 19. Changes to the Terms}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 19.1 Google may make changes to the Universal Terms or Additional\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  Terms from time to time. When these changes are made, Google will make a new copy of the Universal Terms available at }
{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS?hl=en" }{\fs20\insrsid2318268\charrsid2318268 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5200000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f0067006c0065002e0063006f006d002f006100630063006f0075006e00740073002f0054004f0053003f0068006c003d0065006e000000}
}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS?hl=en}}}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  and any new Additional Terms will be ma\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
de available to you from within, or through, the affected Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 19.2 You understand and agree that if you use the Services after the date on which the Universal Terms or Additional Terms have changed, Google will treat your use as acceptance of the upd\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
ated Universal Terms or Additional Terms.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid8814090 \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 20. General legal terms}{\fs20\insrsid8814090 
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 20.1 Sometimes when you use the Services, you may (as a result of, or through your use of the Services) use a service or download a piece of software, or purchase goods, which are provided b\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
y another person or company. Your use of these other services, software or goods may be subject to separate terms between you and the company or person concerned. If so, the Terms do not affect your legal relationship with these other companies or individ
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 u\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 als.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
20.2 The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and Google and govern your use of the Services (but excluding any services which Google may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replace any prior agreements
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  between you and Google in relation to the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 20.3 You agree that Google may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Services.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 20.4 You agree that if Google does not exerci\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
se or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which Google has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Google\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 
s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be availabl\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 e\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  to Google.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
20.5 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms. The remaining provisions
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0  of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 20.6 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Google is the parent shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Terms which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 20.7 The Terms, and your relationship with\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
 Google under the Terms, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You and Google agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, Calif
\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 o\hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 
rnia to resolve any legal matter arising from the Terms. Notwithstanding this, you agree that Google shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
\par \hich\af0\dbch\af13\loch\f0 April 16, 2007
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14362394 
\par }}